Add meeting notes 2025-07-23 (#4)
cng-education/meeting-notes: notes/20250723/index.md

---
title: "CNG Education Working Group meeting 2025-07-23"
description: |
  A bi-weekly meeting of the CNG Education Working Group
date: "2025-07-23"
author:
  - name: "The CNG Education Working Group"
tags: [meeting-notes]
---

# CNG Education Working Group meeting 2025-07-23

Please add new agenda items under the `New agenda items` heading!

## Attendees

Your name / GitHub ID / affiliation / icebreaker

* Tyler Erickson / tylere / VorGeo / ?
* Michelle Roby / Powerchell / Radiant Earth / ?
* Jarrett Keifer / jkeifer / Element 84 / ?
* Youssef Harby / Youssef-Harby /

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Stephanie May / @mizmay / ?
```

## Notes

- Stephanie May joined us today!
- Platform for end product
    - Youssef shared some examples of things that could be options for our output platform for the effort.
        - https://weather.youssefharby.com/ is https://evidence.dev/
    - Underneath the hood, its just Markdown. This seems like an important component for the future since we can add in LLMs in the future too.
- Persona / User Roles
    - prerequisites concept -- each persona will have different prerecs
    - project manager might
    - --> determine the typical problems folks run into to determine what would be helpful for folks
    - layers / levels
    - importance of a cohesive picture from the outset. and compelling! (whats the problem & understanding where they are comfortable right now)

>     - Stephanie says keep the farmer / related user persona. Land manager? NGO. Watersheds, whats getting in the water supply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - importance of a cohesive picture from the outset. and compelling! (what's the problem & understanding where they are comfortable right now)
    - Stephanie says keep the farmer / related user persona. Land manager? NGO. Watersheds, what's getting in the water supply.
```
